ah
hi guys so this is our first video for
our channel combined and we're gonna be
doing a what's in my car tag my car this
is my cousin's car she has a what is it
98 Toyota Corolla yeah so we're just
gonna show you what's in it okay
so first she has these shades in the
window that just come down it doesn't
really fit her car so anyway and I gotta
get it said don't fall yeah and then up
here she has a elephant air freshener
that's in the scent cupcake I believe
and then she has some papers in a mirror
here
and in here in the foot box
she has Justin shorn papers and stuff
like that in here and then um down by
the door she has on tissues in here and
a bull X and the
- and now she's gonna show you what's up
her side sir up in my window my mirror I
have these Helen Keeney dice because my
whole car is better hello kitty we have
a vanilla air freshener and you assume
lines I have very many air pressures in
my car I have this inter freshener that
smells like vanilla - I think and it's
like a little necklace type and it's
Hawaiian it's pretty really pretty and
then and here is just my cup holder it
comes out my where's my cars owned then
I have cookie trash in the PICU place I
never get to go out here I have some
green sunglasses that I wear when I'm
driving inside this little compartment
here I have a haze case for a CD you
have another CD for the clarity good as
you can hear probably in the background
I just dropped it and in here we have
wet wipes in case you ever need to clean
your hand car charger piece that you
plug in a court to a hand sanitizer and
another I think it's lending in Senate
air freshener down there but they're not
trash here we're here in my dorm I have
a hairbrush in case I'm gonna brush my
hair I'm in here and this storage part I
have hair ties because ever need a hair
tie when I'm in here driving
my standard cover is all hellokitty - as
you can see it's Hello Kitty um mine
next or hello kitty there's two in the
same one time in the backseat there's
just trash yeah what she said it was
trash and there's one not a mat there
but there's some math there and I'm
thinking for your back and then let's go
to the trunk I guess in my you know
there's Helen Keeney seat covers you
know behind me and behind her seat
covers like alright I need to turn my
car off how much of my chocolate have a
bag
no mom I keep in here just case P good
places in shop some paper towels in it
window wipes leather and water care
wipes you know I don't have leather my
car but her this work wd-40 got me why
and there's next stuff that disgusting
on my hand this past weekend Plexiglas
cleaner that is awfully he there's a
Lego that here was not like heart burst
a bomb or police thing I don't know how
that I'd hear you there first name
please officer I promise
I'm a good driver sticker since I'm only
16 and I can't have my license yet which
I can take it out soon
I got a Lumbee tribe sticker I've got
Carolina because it's where my dad's
from and I'm part of that track
something in and a giant Hello Kitty
stickers and everywhere you have my car
it was very unique hey I got my window
up yeah